d20 The Drink is:

Dark Ale.

Light Ale.

Hoppy, pale ale.

Apple Cider.

Pear Cider.

Cider made from berries.

Red wine.

White wine.

Rosé wine.

Single Malt Whiskey.

Blended Whiskey.

Gin.

White Rum.

Dark Rum.

Spiced Rum.

A totally clear spirit (To the PCs it’s completely flavourless and odourless, but the locals claim it has a flavour all its own).

A thick black liqueur brewed with herbs from the local area.

A milky liqueur that closely resembles heavy cream.

A Cocktail made by stirring several different drinks with ice (Roll 3d20 to decide the ingredients, re-roll 19s/20s).

A Cocktail made by combining two different drinks with sweet, local fruit juice (Roll 2d20 to decide the ingredients, re-roll 19s/20s).

​

d20 The Drink is brewed by:

A group of clerics from a far-off land.

A local wizard.

A group of local wizards.

A travelling group of performers, who make the drink as a side business.

A family who have been making the drink for generations.

A lone brewmaster who has recently died, taking the recipe to their grave. The price of the drink has skyrocketed, and the supply of the drink is now finite.

The next town over, who’s entire economy centres around the drink.

The town that the Tavern/Inn is in.

The Tavern/Inn owner.

The Tavern/Inn owner’s son/daughter.

A community on a remote island.

It’s a closely guarded secret.

A huge organisation of breweries with sites across the realm.

A travelling merchant who claims the drink has magical healing powers.

The King/Queen (Every ruler needs a hobby).

A reclusive group of Kenkus.

A band of Goblins trying to forge economic relationships with humans.

Kobolds, in the service of a very business-minded Red Dragon.

A team of Iron Golems left behind by a long dead leader. They produce the drink tirelessly, day and night. Leading to a very ample supply.

A travelling group of Druids (“It’s Organic!”) The groups meandering travels mean that the supply is very unreliable.

​

The drink tastes (d8):

Bitter.

Sweet.

Sour.

Meaty, for some reason.

Spicy.

Floral.

Salty.

Minty.

​

The drink is stored in (d10):

A series of barrels along the back of the bar.

A complex series of copper tubes that wind their way throughout the bar.

A deep, stone trough that runs along the back of the bar.

A crooked, creaking tower of shelves.

Enormous blocks of Ice shipped in from the Arctic regions of the world.

A wide, shallow bowl carved into the floor of the tavern.

The skull of a Dragon turtle, kept out front of the tavern.

A huge, pulsating ball of liquid. Suspended magically in the centre of the tavern.

Dirty buckets, resting precariously on every available surface.

A deep, dark cellar, accessed via a rickety staircase behind the bar.

​

The drink is served in (d10):

Simple wooden cups.

Ornate silver goblets.

Finely engraved, steel shot glasses.

Hollowed out skulls of the bar’s former regulars. It’s considered a high honour after your death.

Drinking horns that hang along the front of the bar.

Whatever the customer has to hand.

A boot. Everyone has to wait their turn to drink from the boot.

Carved, wooden bowls.

It’s only served in full bottles.

The classic wooden flagon.

​

The Drink is delivered to the tavern via (d10):

Tiny boats borne on an underground river that flows under the tavern.

A courier’s guild who transport goods with their trusty fleet of hippogriffs.

An eccentric trader with a huge wagon pulled by tame Owlbears.

The deliveries wash up mysteriously on a nearby beach.

5. Almost constant deliveries by teams of Dwarves.

6. A portal hidden in the back of the tavern, the whole place rumbles and there is a deafening BOOM! Every time some booze arrives.

7. Once every few months, the tavern’s owner closes up for 2 weeks and goes on an arduous pilgrimage to collect their stock.

8. The booze comes in hidden amongst other goods to avoid taxes.

9. A team of gnomes have devised a complex system of ropes and pulleys to transport the product over immense distances.

10. A 3rd Party wizard teleports the booze from the brewers to the tavern for an exorbitant fee.

​

The drink is served with (d6):

A questionable meat jerky.

Small bowls of nuts.

Chunks of a strange, local fruit.

A single pork sausage. Burnt black.

1 Copper Piece, in some strange local tradition.

An arrow.