D20 This Ley Line is located:

Deep in a cave.

At the bottom of a narrow ravine.

Along the edge of a high cliff.

In a perfectly round clearing in the deep forest.

Along the edge of a farmer’s field of grain.

In an ancient dry riverbed.

In the lowest level of a large pyramid.

On a tiny atoll only accessible at low tide.

Under a series of constantly shifting dunes.

In an alley adjacent a busy market square.

Atop a flat-topped barren hill.

Atop the west wall of a ruined keep.

Along the main avenue of a small village.

Across a narrow stone bridge over a deep ravine.

In an abandoned mine.

In the center of a great henge of stone.

In a palace courtyard.

Down a game trail in a sacred grove.

Along a wagon trail through the prairie.

In a deep crevasse in a great glacier.

D10 The head of the line is marked by:

A small cairn of blood red stones.

An ancient stone altar.

A long-abandoned shrine to a forgotten deity.

A low hut made entirely of bone. The bones appear to come from (d4): 1. ordinary beasts 2. humanoids 3. dreadful aberrations 4. dragons

A great tree with a perfectly straight branch extending over the ley.

A deep well. The water is (d6): 1. Cool and refreshing 2. Healing (one hit die + CON) 3. Bitter and chalky 4. A strange silvery mist 5. A Weird 6. Completely dry

Five vertical rectangular bars growing successively longer. When the ley is inactive, the bars are dull grey lead. As the ley becomes active, one by one the bars turn to gold. Any bars removed from the power of the ley immediately revert to lead.

A tall obelisk.

A low stone wall.

An ancient burial mound.

D6 The ley is only active:

On the solstice or the equinox.

On the sabbath.

At dawn and dusk.

After a blood sacrifice.

When activated by its keeper. The keeper is (d8): 1. A celestial 2. A fiend 3. A neutral fey 4. A chaotic elemental 5. A lawful construct 6. A greedy goblin 7. A dead humanoid 8. Roll twice. The two are mortal enemies. Only one can open the Ley.

At random intervals

D6 To travel the Ley, you must:

Take 7 slow, precise steps in a straight line.

Rotate 3 times in a clockwise circle.

Leap straight up 4 feet.

Sprint 30 feet straight ahead (Dex check, DC 15, disadvantage in heavy armor).

Stoop or crawl forward 10 feet. Small creatures can walk normally.

Sink down into the ground, like quicksand.

D8 At the moment of crossing, you may experience:

Severe dehydration. Cannot regain HP until you take a short rest and drink sufficient fluids.

Dizziness and nausea. DC 15 CON save or be incapacitated for 1d4 rounds.

Dazzling lights. Blinded for one round.

Acute dysphoria. You do not like this place and will feel uneasy as long as you remain here.

Temporary aphasia. DC 15 INT save or be unable to use or understand speech for 1d6 x 10 minutes.

Gravimetric flux. DC 15 DEX save or fall prone.

An odd tingling sensation. No big deal.

Extreme euphoria. Is this Heaven? You never want to leave this place. DC 15 WIS save (once per day) to end the effect.

D12 Travelling the Ley takes you to a place:

Elsewhere in your home country.

In a neighboring country.

Near the Summer / Winter Court in the Feywild.

At a distant desert oasis.

High in the snowy mountains.

In a quaint seaside village.

On the elemental plane of (d4): 1. Earth 2. Air 3. Fire 4. Water

On a demiplane where a hero has been imprisoned by the Donjon card from the Deck of Many Things.

In a shining city on the celestial plane.

Along the River Styx, between the Abyss and the 9 Hells.

Beneath your home country deep in the Underdark.

On a broad plain crisscrossed with dozens of marked ley lines.

D6 You arrive at a time:

In the present.

2d4 days ago.

2d4 years ago.

2d4 x 10 years ago.

2d4 x 100 years ago.

2d4 x 1000 years ago.

D8 The power of this Ley could be described as:

Stable. Every time you travel it, you arrive at the same place and time.

Peripatetic. The ley does not travel through time but takes you to a different place in the present each time you travel.

Unpredictable. You go to a different place and time each time you travel.

Potent. A gemstone of sufficient size and proper harmonics could capture some of the power of the ley to charge machines, constructs, weapons, or spells.

Unravelling. Some unknown factor is draining the power of this ley. Each jump may drain the last of it, leaving it inert.

Treacherous. Unless measures are taken to keep together, creatures travelling the ley even seconds apart may emerge in different time periods. (Each traveler rolls individually on the arrival time table.)

Vampiric. Arcane casters expend one of each available spell slot.

Amnesiac. Divine casters emerge with no spells prepared. You are unable to cast any spells of first level or above until you take a short rest of at least one hour to meditate.

D20 From here, you might even find the path to:

The Well of Souls

The Center of the Planet

The World Tree

The River of Life

The Fountain of Youth

The Nexus

The Lost Kingdom

Never Land

Far Far Away

Utropolis

Pandora

Dystopia

Middle Oerth

The Wretched Hive

Nar-Nya

The Isle of the Dead

The Holy of Holies

The Crystal Sea

The Undying Lands

The Great Nothing