D20	This slime’s colour:
1	Is red. Its touch is burning hot.
2	Is blue. Its touch is freezing cold.
3	Is green. Its touch is acidic.
4	Is yellow. Its touch carries an electrical shock.
5	Is purple. Anyone touched by it must make a save or else fall under its control.
6	Is orange. Its touch is poisonous.
7	Is brown. Its touch is a vector for a nasty disease.
8	Is white. It’s vampiric, converting health it drains from those it touches into its own.
9	Is black. Every 1d4 rounds, anything caught in the slime is annihilated.
10	Is grey. It attacks by exploding and then reforming itself 1d4 rounds later.
11	Is clear. It deals the same sort of damage as the last attack that hurt it.
12	Is mirrored. Any attacks against it are reflected back at the attacker. The only reliable way to damage the slime is to do it indirectly.
13	Is gold. It’s extra-dense, and bludgeons prey with its mass to mash them into a paste it can absorb.
14	Is silver. It shapes itself into sharp blades to attack, slicing prey into bits small enough for it to absorb.
15	Is octarine. It absorbs spells from the wizards, scrolls, etc., it touches, then casts them randomly.
16	Is pink. Its touch implants spores that start off sealing a single point of damage, but increase in severity each round you don’t use an action to remove them (1>1d4>1d6>1d8>etc.).
17	Is glowing lime. Its touch inflicts mutations.
18	Is mauve. Anyone touched by it must save or be paralyzed.
19	Is teal. It’s tactilely telekinetic. Anything it touches it can move for 1d4 rounds telekinetically with force equivalent to someone with a strength score of 15.
20	Changes every round. Reroll its colour at the start of every round, if a 20 is rolled again it explodes or something, fuck.
D20	This slime’s texture:
1	Is chunky. It’s tougher than other slimes of a similar size would be.
2	Is oily. It’s slippery and moves faster than other slimes.
3	Is sticky. It can ooze up sheer surfaces and is even harder to escape from if it grapples you.
4	Is lumpy. When damaged it splits into two slimes with half the health of their original.
5	Is gritty. Its attacks deal more damage than those of other slimes of a similar size.
6	Is foamy. It’s more fragile than other slimes of a similar size, but is also light enough to glide short distances.
7	Is rubbery. It moves by bouncing rather than flowing, and can move very far after a drop.
8	Is spongey. A swarm of vermin live symbiotically in its holes.
9	Is runny, thin. Bits of it splash off when it is wounded. After it is killed in a fight there is a 10% per HD chance of the slime reforming in a weakened state from a bit of itself stuck to your boot, or in a crack in the floor, or wherever else, unless special care is taken to destroy every trace.
10	Is tongue-like. It can track scents like a bloodhound.
11	Is silky. The slime possesses an inhuman intelligence concerned only with acquiring more food.
12	Is blissfully soft. Attempts to escape its grasp are based on wisdom rather than strength, as will more than muscle is required.
13	Is prickly. It can fire darts from its own mass which carry its touch effect.
14	Is abrasive. Any contact with it deals minor damage to people and equipment.
15	Is clammy. It can mimic the colours and shapes of inanimate objects to aid in ambush, but its texture will always be recognizably abnormal.
16	Is crusty and flaky. It leaves inert pieces of itself around its territory that act as traps that inflict the effect of its colour when touched.
17	Is fuzzy. Bits of it cling to those it strikes, dealing more of the slime’s damage/effect over time unless washed/scraped off.
18	Is ichorous. The slime regenerates damage over time.
19	Is resinous. It can symbiotically inhabits the bodies of other organisms and will emerge to protect its host.
20	Is turbulent. It must always keep moving, or else it dies. It can knock enemies back with a charge attack.
D20	This slime prefers to feed:
1	By insinuating itself into peoples’ bodies then digesting them from the inside-out.
2	By clinging to ceilings and dropping on those who walk below.
3	By diluting itself in bodies of water and dragging those who come to drink or swim in.
4	Even over survival. It can be lured into obvious traps with food.
5	On vegetable rather than animal matter, but won’t turn the latter down if hungry.
6	By hiding in containers and enclosed spaces then springing out at whoever opens them.
7	Less than it does to hunt. It will abandon sure, captured prey if a new opportunity for a chase presents itself.
8	By being fed by others. It is subservient by nature.
9	On prey in the throes of fear, and will instinctually attempt to produce dread and trepidation in those it hunts.
10	With a minimal expenditure of energy.
11	In order to fuel its own reproduction rather than its growth.
12	On things it’s never tasted before.
13	Like a scavenger, and by stealing other creatures’ prey.
14	Like a parasite on a much larger creature.
15	Like a swarm of locusts, leaving a desolate trail.
16	By rolling down slopes and stairs like a flood.
17	In the dark, without interruption.
18	Slowly, with ample time in a safe place to smother and absorb its prey.
19	On one larger meal rather than many smaller ones.
20	On a particular organ of its prey, and nothing else.
D20	This slime came from:
1	The snot of a great demon.
2	An alchemical experiment gone wrong.
3	A glob of slime mold that got caught in a temporal distortion field and emerged hyper-evolved.
4	The sputum of someone who ate a cursed fruit.
5	The mixture of chemical weapons on a battlefield.
6	The remains of someone who died of a liquefying disease.
7	Dew that condensed in an enchanted bowl.
8	Another dimension, where gelatinous life won out over solid organisms.
9	The unfortunate victim of a modified disintegration spell.
10	The creation of a fleshworker trying to mutate themself into a perfectly resilient lifeform.
11	A bet between a theologian and a natural philosopher to see who could best recreate their theorized primordial ooze.
12	Underworld cave-slime selectively bred into a weapon.
13	The tailings of a mine of magical ore.
14	The ill-fated mating of a human and a watery spirit.
15	A meteor from an alien world.
16	A wizard’s attempt to create the perfect pet.
17	A flawed ritual to summon an acid elemental.
18	A very bad idea for a new sort of paint.
19	The degenerated nano-golem technology of an extinct culture.
20	Necromantically reanimated stomach contents.
D20	Extracts from this slime can be used to:
1	Extract precious metals from alloys and ores.
2	Temporarily animate potions into loyal mini-slimes.
3	Treat gout.
4	Disguise one’s scent.
5	Coat weapons in an oil that temporarily grants them the effect of the slime’s touch.
6	Create an ointment that temporarily grants the person who uses it resistance to effects similar to the slime’s touch.
7	Eat through locks and other small devices.
8	Flavour food as a much sought-after spice.
9	Fill grenades that explode to apply the effect of that slime’s touch to an area.
10	Moisturize the skin and retain a youthful look.
11	Distill pheromones that allow simplistic, temporary control of other slimes.
12	Lubricate the workings of arcane machines, bring ancient technology back to a modicum of functionality.
13	Provide fertilizer for otherworldly crops.
14	Get very high.
15	Treat leather and textiles into superlative armours.
16	Repel vermin.
17	Distill alluring perfumes.
18	Reform the slime in alkahestral baths.
19	Clean silverware and other corrosion-resistant goods to a remarkable sheen.
20	Prevent wounds from getting infected.