

WHICH HOUSE IS THIS DROW NOBLE CLAIMING TO COME FROM?
1. Destera, the Weavers: deposed rulers of Spire, all faded grandeur
2. Yssen, the Unquiet Blades: glory-hound warriors
3. Malrique, the Unlidded Eye: scryers and mystics
4. Valwa, the Silver-blooded: cursed by an ancient pact, with a flair for the dramatic
5. Gryndel, the Crimson Hunters: bon vivant bloodletters
6. Starys, the Drowned Kings: damned and spat upon by other Houses
7. Aliquam, Repairers of Reputations: desert merchants from the southlands
8. Duval, the Grave Cold: pale and interesting, morbid sense of humour
9. Quinn, the Noble and Most High; nouveau riche, not bound by blood but sworn in
10. Roll again, re-rolling further results of 10 – they have been disowned by this house

WHAT’S THE MOST INTERESTING FEATURE HERE?
1. Grand fountain, spraying water and mist out into the air
2. City guard violently breaking up a shady three-queen monte game
3. Interlocking balconies, some of which host competing minstrels
4. Vibrantly-lit aquarium, many feet tall, filled with shoals of glinting silver fishes
5. HouseYssen and House Quinn in a stand- off over territory, rapiers drawn
6. A tavern kicks out, filling the street with drunks looking for a good time
7. Handful of moneyed drow are out on a sulphur bender, looking for nasty thrills
8. Plaza housing an outside bistro, where strong kafee is served in thimble-sized cups
9. Pre-war, idealised statue of a drow noble with its name-plaque removed
10. Thin, improvised bridge built by stevedores, only wide enough for one

WHAT’S THE NAME OF THIS GAMBLING HOUSE/CLUB, AND WHAT’S INTERESTING ABOUT IT?
1. The Cat o’Twenty Tails; upmarket BDSM joint with plenty of private rooms, play cards on a barely-clothed usher
2. The Silver Fountain; has a whacking great fountain in the middle of it, full of fat fish
3. The Polaris; very expensive, raw meat and fish served on everfrost in the aelfir style
4. The Nujabian; tacky, over-decorated homage to the culture of the gnolls to the south
5. The Turned Buckle; jumped-up pitfighting arena with a variety of side-bets available
6. The Green Lady; expensive wine-bar, not much going on, run by vintner druids
7. Terpsichore’s Vaunt; a torrid, too-hot table-dancing bar with cheap drinks
8. The Cube; a perfectly cubic white space, hireable for private parties, repainted weekly
9. Devil’s Bargain; only has roulette, coin- toss and other games of chance – games of skill are strictly forbidden
10. The North Docks; a sanitised, swish version of an “authentic” North Docks “tavern experience” run by clueless aelfir

WHAT’S TODAY’S FESTIVAL?
1. Sun’s First Rising; solar feast of resurgence, where people wear yellow and publicly forgive one another of past sins
2. Huge Stolzian wedding; everyone invited, culminates in a sometimes-lethal leap for the bride and groom from the side of Spire bound to sacred ropes, wild bacchanal otherwise
3. The Festival of Mourning; a drow festival, where important (dead) community members are venerated through costume, ceremonial readings, and the imbibing of strong liquor; a kind of district-wide wake
4. Heartsnight; an evening where the barriers against the Heart are weak, and ghouls and spirits walk the streets.To dissuade them, folk wear spooky costumes to “blend in” – some aelfir don’t wear their true mask anywhere on their body (scandalous!)
5. Festival of Common Players; plays and street theatre roll around the district, using the city as a stage, with huge crowds following them. Occasionally fights break out between rival troupes thanks to the common practice of sneaking into someone else’s play and acting deliberately badly
6. No-Moon Night; drow religious observance, widely-followed, where talking on the streets after dark is banned
7. All Fate’s Day; Stolzian street festival where illegal gambling laws are relaxed and games of skill and chance spring up in stalls all over the district
8. The Feast of Glorious Dominion; an aelfir holiday commemorating the taking of Spire two centuries ago, with military processions bearing huge illustrated maps of the aelfir kingdoms
9. Summercourt’s Bounty; a beer-festival, led primarily by humans, where beer-stalls (of varying quality) line the streets and the gutters overflow with piss
10. The Way of Lights; aelfir celebration of colour and light, with dangerous fireworks sparking off against the upper levels of the district

MESYE SO’S DOMAIN – WHAT’S GOING ON?
1. The entire place is in lockdown after a break-in; both city guard and gangers are here, leading to high tensions between the two groups
2. House Quinn is holding a show trial for captured members of HouseYssen for crimes against drowkind in the central square
3. The players get wind of a street-killing about to happen
4. The gangers are kicking apart a club that refused to pay protection money
5. After HouseYssen made inroads into their turf up-district, House Quinn is gearing up for a retaliatory strike with carousing and weapons practice
6. An aelfir staff member is delivering a final warning to a red-faced lieutenant after they made a mistake
7. A group of So’s fallen aelfir are out on a night on the town, throwing their weight around, causing problems with the noble drow
8. A pickpocket is risking stern reprisals by targeting the wealthy, and usually armed, gangers
9. A group of House Quinn gangers are picking on a vagrant priest of Stolz
10. A casino has caught fire after a bar-room brawl, and looters descend on the place

THE CITY GUARD GARRISON & SURROUNDING STREETS – WHAT’S GOING ON?
1. Captain Lacostra is running drills in the courtyard; guards are running up and down the length of it in full riot gear
2. A fight has broken out in a nearby club and the city guard are trying to break it up before it hits the tipping point into a riot
3. A street-trader loudly complains that his stall and supplies were taken (although it transpires that he was selling illegal goods)
4. Three drunk city guard are off-shift and looking for trouble
5. The garrison is receiving delivery of valuable goods – a shipment of Carog- pattern shotguns and ammunition
6. A captured Idol, their hands bound and mouth gagged, is being escorted to the Hive by a suspiciously large group of guards
7. The city guard are having a funeral for one of their own, and they’re getting sad and angry and drunk in equal measure
8. The city guard mistakes a player character for someone they’re not – a criminal! (Well. A different criminal)
9. The players spot a corrupt city guard demanding money from a street-corner dealer in exchange for not arresting them
10. A large crowd of citizens have gathered, protesting the increased arrests and beatings, and it’s about to kick off

